Tamamo is the final boss. Turns out Sara (succubization) is the actual boss. The seal that Luka had previously put on her had vanished. Alice, at the beginning of the game, is "training" with Nabe to increase her cooking skills. However, she sends the Nabe flying out of her castle, never to be seen again.

The Nabe that Alice tried to "fight" with flew so far a distance that it hit Sara (she is in Sabasa) in the head and she succumbed to her monster form. Her Sphinx blood and the power of Nabe had made her temporarily stronger than Alice herself. She wears Nabe on top of her head. She is also the master of frying tofu which puts all its consumers under some sort of submission spell, which is why Tamamo and all the other kitsunes have bowed to her will.

Enemies to be encountered:
1) Two-tailed Kitsunes: they are stealing fried tofu from all the shops all over the Ilias continent. Luka sets out to find out why. He goes to consult with Tamamo (in Yamatai, Noah) as to what's going on.
2) Humans (who are awfully weak) and mermaids: Luka arrives at Port Natalia (in Sentora), shocked that everyone (monsters and humans alike) were in some zombie-like frenzy, while all desiring for fried tofu. The Mermaid Merchant, who  is now filthy rich, seems to be the only one happy about the current situation. (She is actually selling the townspeople the fried tofu she got from Sabasa mermaids). Sylph meets Luka to tell him that Alice is waiting for him in San Ilia. Luka wonders why since Alice hates San Ilia because of all the ghosts.
3) Fairies, elves, some humans: The ghosts were nowhere to be seen. The fairies and elves also have the fried tofu frenzy. Alice had heard about the "legend" (but Luka calls it "disease") of the fried tofu better than any Kitsune's making and that the entire world has gone crazy for it. Luka warns her to not eat any tofu, but she tells him that there is no more tofu going around and that's why everyone has been acting hungry. She tells Luka that Sabasa is the only place which still has fried tofu in stock. Luka is determined to continue investigating, and decides to go to Yamatai before Sabasa, while Alice accompanies him, excited to get some of that tofu. Gnome comes up all of a sudden.
4) Plants: They're not into tofu because it's "cannibalism" to them, and don't know anything about the issue. But they attack Luka anyway because they like Luka hehe.. Luka and Alice reach Yamatai, finding that Tamamo is not there but is actually in Sabasa. Alice criticizes Luka for not opting for Sabasa. Undine comes to them, telling Luka and Alice that she can take them to Sabasa by crossing the Ocean, thus becoming the first adventurer to circumnavigate the world.
5) Scorpions, sandworms: They've become very protective of their tofu, but are not "hungry" for it due to the excessive supply of it. Luka realizes that Sabasa is the source of all the tofu. A genie pops up and gives Luka two options: eat fried tofu, or whatever else that is better than fried tofu. If Luka gives in to the temptation, you lose. If Luka decides that he wants something else, he will say that he wants to be granted the power to defeat Tamamo, and Salamander is summoned.
6) Kitsune, Tamamo: They reach Sabasa Kingdom, and the place is deserted. Alice eats a piece of fried tofu she finds somewhere. Alice loses consciousness. Tamamo meets them with all her other kitsune. Fighting ensues.
7) Sara: When Tamamo is defeated, she comes to her senses. She asks how Alice is, and Luka says that she has eaten fried tofu. Tamamo revives Alice with her power, to no avail. Sara appears, who explains the entire tofu craze to Luka, and how she wants to dominate the world by sending the Monster Lord and Ilias fried tofu. Too bad Alice had already left her castle before she received her tofu, but Ilias has already been asleep due to the tofu. The submission spell only works on weaker creatures, and everyone who is stronger than Sara, such as Alice and Ilias, are only sent to sleep. Luka is determined to re-seal Sara, and a long fight ensues. If Luka is able to damage Sara heavily, Sara binds Luka and force feeds him her tofu. Luka falls asleep, but his latent powers arise and his Daybreak seals Sara away for good! The Nabe on top of her head is also sealed, and becomes a normal cooking pot, which doesn't make sense but who cares. Alice, Ilias and Luka wake up. Ilias is angered by Luka's actions and storms off to prepare MGQ part three. Who knows what happened to everyone's craving for tofu. Hahahaha